In the last lecture, we made our drawer work but on android it's not looking that great,
that's why I've already imported a stylesheet in my side drawer component.
I want to create my styles constant here and use the stylesheet to create my javascript object with
styles I can use here,
I want to create a container property there which holds the styles for this side drawer.
Now the idea here is to add a margin to the top, maybe 22 pixels, without pixel just 22,
maybe a background color of white so that we don't have this transparent drawer we currently have on android
and with that, let's save this and assign it here.
Now one trick if you want to combine multiple styles, you can pass an array to style,
the first one can then be styles container for example,
the second is your custom javascript object which I didn't put into my styles here so that it dynamically
recalculates the width in case we rotate the device
and with that, we get the style set up for the drawer.
Now if we reload the Android app and we login again, we see a side drawer
here, it is very tiny though, we can conveniently fix this by simply adding flex 1 to the container so
that it takes the full available space.
With that, if we now reload the app, login again and try this again,
now we get a drawer, though the problem is with margin top, the whole drawer is pushed down,
so the better solution might be to use padding top.
So now with that finally, let's login and open that drawer
and now we get a nice looking side drawer on Android too.
Now we'll work on the styling of this item and make it more useful in the future,
in general we'll improve the usefulness of this application and work a lot on the styling but the navigation
got pretty far,
we get a nice navigation in place,
we get tabs, we get drawer, we can add item and then go into the detail page of the item
but one thing that's missing is we can't open the drawer from our other page.
Now as I told you, you have to implement this drawer toggle functionality on every page, so simply copy
the constructor and the on navigator event code from the share place page and go to find place and simply
add it at the top there.
With that, we can save this and now reload this application
and now the drawer should work both on find place and share place
and of course it should also still work on iOS.
So here it's on find place
and here it's on share place.
So that's all looking nice,
let's see what else we can do with navigation.